WELCOME
TO THE BIONIC FUTURE
2024 TECHNICAL TEST -PROMTIOR

Welcome !
Document : Technical Test
Prepared by : Emiliano Chinelli and Ignacio Acuña
Validity : 7 days from the date of sending
Hi,
Below you will find more information about Promtior and our technical test for the position you are applying 
for.
The technical test may seem demanding or not, depending on your current skills. In any case, once you dive 
into the documentation and technologies we recommend, you will see that it is not so complex, but it will 
certainly be a challenge worth attempting!
Our greatest commitment as founders is to provide you with the best team of colleagues you could dream of, 
and this commitment starts by proposing a technical challenge in line with the future world and technologies.
Best of luck, see you soon!
Emi and Nacho

In November 2022 , ChatGPT was released, causing a significant impact 
and challenging previously unquestionable principles: 
Creativity is an exclusively human trait .
The speed of these technological advancements has put 
unprecedented pressure on leaders to incorporate AI into their 
businesses.
In May 2023 , Promtior was founded facing this context, where the key 
question is: how to approach a scenario of transversal disruption and 
maximize the opportunities it presents?
Through its technological and organizational consulting, Promtior offers 
a way to generate new business models, answering this question and 
bringing companies at the forefront of their sector.
About Promtior
that started their transition towards a Bionic
future, with the help of Promtior Organizations
CAF5M Travel 
GroupGuyer &
RegulesHandy Paigo
VangweForestal 
Atlántico SurAdvice 
Consulting
Infocorp
L'Oreal 
Latam
ST Consultores
 SIEE
RPA 
Maker
CIEMSA
S1
 Incapital

Introduction
At Promtior, we specialize in implementing cutting -edge generative solutions, with a focus on the 
implementation of the RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) architecture to meet the diverse needs of our 
clients.
Objective of the Test
Develop and deploy a chatbot assistant that uses the RAG architecture to answer questions about the 
content of the Promtior website, based on the LangChain library .
Extra information about Promtior can be found in this presentation. Adding it as a source gives extra points.Technical test instructions

Functionality
The chatbot should be able to answer the following questions:
-What services does Promtior offer?
-When was the company founded?
Technologies tobe used
●Implement the solution using LangChain with Langserve :
-Quickstart | 
 Langchain https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/quickstart
-Use the OpenAI API if you have a subscription, otherwise, you can use Ollama and LlaMA 2 as explained in the 
LangChain documentation.
Deployment
Deploy the solution on a cloud of your choice (AWS, Azure).
•
 Tip: although using one of the mentioned clouds is valued, you can use Railway to facilitate the deployment.
•Doc Langserve deployment: https://python.langchain.com/docs/langserve#deploymentTechnical requirements

Objective of the Documentation
Provide a comprehensive overview of the approach, implementation, and technologies used to develop the 
chatbot assistant, enabling a detailed evaluation of the proposed solution.
Required Content
-Project Overview : A brief summary in your own words about how you approached and solved the 
challenge. This includes the implementation logic, the main challenges encountered, and how you 
overcame them.
-Component Diagram : A diagram showing the components involved in the solution and their interactions 
from the time the question is received by the chatbot until the response is given.
Tip: You can use the following tools: Draw.io, Lucidchart .Required documentation

Source Code and Documentation
The source code and documentation must be uploaded to a public GitHub repository.
The required documentation should be uploaded in the same repository within the /doc folder.
Once the source code is uploaded, the following form must be completed:
https://forms.microsoft.com/r/2Q6iZpYvPT
Considerations
If you have any questions about the test instructions or the delivery format, you can ask us at 
challenges@promtior.ai and we will respond as soon as possible.Delivery format and considerations

Final words
This test will help us better understand your current knowledge and seniority.
It is designed so that someone with programming knowledge and good comprehension skills can solve it 
without problems by relying on the shared documentation.
We wish you great success in this process, and we hope to continue the transition to a Bionic future 
together!!!

https://promtior.ai/Contact
Ignacio.acuna@promtior.ai
TECHNICAL TEST